a rare place of happiness for children
who are
[Applause]
suffering this camp in Han Unice in
southern Gaza has become a sanctuary for
youngsters traumatized by the war and is
helping them
[Applause]
[Music]
recover we are here to meet and make new
friends this will enable us to learn new
skills acquire experience and develop
our capabilities also reinforce our
values this will help us navigate in
this
life every day around 500 children
arrive here to dance play games and lose
themselves in activities that restore a
sense of
normaly despite being deeply scarred by
seeing parents or relatives
killed this initiative aims at providing
emotional healing to Gaza children those
displaced to Al maasi area gazen
children extend appreciation to all
those supporting unra with very limited
resources we were able in a very short
time to launch this initiative children
are engaged in activities that help them
battle through these hard
times the camp has been operational for
several weeks now providing a platform
for kids to express themselves resources
may be scarce but it's not hindering
their obvious
Joy making paper kites as symbols of
their hopes to returned to their
previous
lives we hope this war comes to an end
and we go back to our homes and schools
to be happy again play with friends we
hope our life goes back as it was
especially Ramadan
celebrations there are many children who
don't feel safe anymore as Israel's war
on Gaza drags
on camps like this one are the only
place to escape the Relentless turmoil
outside
Axel Z
aler